When tragedies strike,
many people have a hard time
believing that God cares about us.
Have you ever felt that way?
Honestly?
Yeah.
I want to believe he cares,
but he hasn’t done much for me;
that’s for sure.
Last year my father had a heart attack,
and I just lost my job.
I’m sorry to hear that.
How’s your father recovering?
He’s OK now.
We were really worried about him for a while.
I’m glad he’s improving.
When we face problems,
it helps to know that someone cares.
How do we know
that God cares about us as individuals?
Please note Jesus’ words
at Matthew 10:29-31.
Tom, would you please read that for us?
Sure.
“Two sparrows sell for a coin of small value,
do they not?
“Yet not one of them will fall to the ground
“without your Father’s knowledge.
“But even the hairs of your head
are all numbered.
So have no fear;
you are worth more than many sparrows.”
Thank you.
So how detailed is God’s knowledge of us?
He numbers the hairs of our head?
Yes.
Impressive, right?
Yeah.
So if God numbers
even the hairs of our head,
would it make sense
that he cares about us
and knows when we’re going
through a hard time?
It seems logical.
But now the question is,
How does God help us
to cope with present problems?
I’d like to discuss that
the next time we talk.